:bambi:FUCK YOU
:bambi:I GONNA SHOW MY DICK, I GONNA SHOW MY DICK
:generic:*Generic hip hop music starts playing*
:bambi:HOW AM I, FUCK YOU!
:bf:brey
:bambi:kill yourself
:bf:fwhbrhbjehfbjeshbjgfehbjsaghhbjefsdhbgshbgvnshgjudqujgkjgdjhgdskhsdaghkbjdgsajkhgdshbkdgshkgdskhdagshdgshbghbsdbgkdbkjasbkjjjjjjjjjjjgojwhwewgeuhwguhiuhirghbgekhbgejrejbkehkjgehjgrhjgrhgfkjhakjhgaskjhgasdhgdsjhkgadsiudghiuywruiwgbighuigunjgnbugukrjujvujrgjbkdjgbwrkbjawdjkgbdskgkjbwdjbksqjgkbrwkjwbjgkkjrewdg
:bambi:Boyfriend is a young, light-skinned man with spiky cyan hair. He wears a white T-shirt with a red prohibition sign, baggy blue pants, red sneakers, and a backward red cap with a dark blue brim. He holds a microphone in his right hand while keeping his left hand in his pocket. During Week 5, he wears a red parka, light blue pants and brown snow boots. During Week 6, his regular appearance is rendered in a 32-bit style. During the last track of Week 7, he holds Girlfriend up by the waist with his left hand.
:bf:Boyfriend is portrayed as a young, overzealous rapper with a love for music, donuts and his girlfriend. He loves to sing and show off his skills, resulting in his confident and cocky character. He is very determined and persistent on reaching his goals and won't let anyone get in the way of his success, even if threatened with death. Boyfriend is also implied to be clingy, as he is never seen without Girlfriend by his side. Boyfriend has been diagnosed with ADHD and ASD, sometimes he may choose not to communicate normally with strangers and will simply beep at them instead of using his words and is rarely found without his red cap.
:gf:Girlfriend is a young, light-skinned female with long auburn hair. She wears a sleeveless red dress and red high heels. Her fingernails are painted red. She is always on a set of three speakers, sitting on the large middle one with her legs crossed. During Week 5, she wears a sleeveless red dress with a fluffy white collar, red gloves with white cuffs, white thigh-high stockings with small red bows, and yellow bell earrings. The speakers she sits on are all wrapped in festive Christmas lights. During Week 6, her regular appearance is rendered in a 32-bit style. During the last track of Week 7, she is held up from her waist by Boyfriend.
:bambi:stfu no one cares about you
:gf:168.928.2987
:bf:jesus christ